gh-107001:  Add a stdlib decorator that copies/applies the ParameterSpec from one function to another (#121693)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

   runtime we intentionally don't check anything (we want this
   to be as fast as possible).

.. decorator:: copy_kwargs(source_func)

>     Cast the decorated function's call signature to the *source_func*'s.

Reviewer: reStructuredText uses three spaces for indents in most places, see https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#use-of-whitespace. Please re-indent this section.

>     Use this decorator enhancing an upstream function while keeping it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use this decorator enhancing an upstream function while keeping its
```

   call signature.

>    Returns the original function with the *source_funcs* call signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Returns the original function with the *source_func*'s call signature.
```

    Usage::

        from typing import copy_kwargs, Any

        def upstream_func(a: int, b: float, *, double: bool = False) -> float:
            ...

        @copy_kwargs(upstream_func)
        def enhanced(
            a: int, b: float, *args: Any, double: bool = False, **kwargs: Any
        ) -> str:
            ...

    .. note::

       Include ``*args`` and ``**kwargs`` in the signature of the decorated
       function in order to avoid a :py:class:`TypeError` when the call signature of
       *source_func* changes.

>    .. versionadded 3.14

Reviewer: This is a comment, remember to include the colons. See:

https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#paragraph-level-markup
